[Doc] Add missing `Admin`'s notification prop (#8369)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Admin.md

);
```

> ## `notification`

Reviewer: please add it to the list of props at the beginning of this chapter, too

> You can override the notification component, for instance to change the notification duration. It defaults to 4000, i.e. 4 seconds, and you can override it using the `autoHideDuration` prop. For instance, to create a custom Notification component with a 5 seconds default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the notification component, for instance to change the notification duration. A common use case is to change the `autoHideDuration`, and force the notification to remain on screen longer than the default 4 seconds. For instance, to create a custom Notification component with a 5 seconds default:
```

Author: This was taken from the recipes section, should I change it there too?

```jsx
// in src/MyNotification.js
import { Notification } from 'react-admin';

> const MyNotification = props => <Notification {...props} autoHideDuration={5000} />;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const MyNotification =() => <Notification autoHideDuration={5000} />;
```
